About the job
Vestwell is the financial technology company powering the new savings economy. Our platform redefines how people save for the critical aspects of life across retirement, education, and healthcare savings needs. Today, Vestwell enables over 350,000 businesses and over 2M active savers, with over $50B in assets saved across all 50 states. Vestwell's platform serves a diverse clientele, including financial advisers, employers, third-party administrators, financial institutions, payroll providers, government agencies, and individual savers.

To learn more, visit vestwell.com

Who Are We Looking For?

The Engineering team is seeking a passionate technologist who is looking to grow their career in Technology and Engineering.

You’re a great fit for our team if you can balance detail-oriented tasks with long term strategy, if you are adaptable and willing to take ownership over a vertical slice of a product, partner with non-technical operational teams to understand and solve their problems, and if you are looking to contribute to the culture of a high growth startup.

Day To Day, You May Also Be Expected To

Work with Engineering and Product teams to integrate Vestwell’s systems with third party data and services.
Collaborate closely with other Engineers and the rest of the Vestwell team to determine architecture and design for SaaS integrations.
Orchestration of data transfers and synchronization across multiple internal and external systems.
Monitor and support our third-party system integrations.

Requirements

The Necessities

Experience with Typescript, Node.js and NestJS.
Experience with SQL-based databases
Unit testing experience and knowledge of TDD
Experience implementing service oriented systems
Expertise with Git
Knowledge of AWS services.
Understanding of Agile practices such as Scrum and Kanban
2+ years of experience as a Software Engineer

The Extras

Experience using the React framework, HTML, and CSS
An understanding of SRE best practices, such as post-mortems, logging, and alerting
Experience with CI/CD and automation pipelines using Jenkins
Knowledge of financial systems
CS Degree

This role will be based in either the New York City or Austin office, and will be part of Vestwell's hybrid in-office operation.

The expected base salary range for this position is $140K - $155K base. This position is eligible to participate in the Company Bonus Pool and is eligible to receive new hire equity in the Company. Please note that salary bands are based on NY and other similar metro areas and may differ based on where the role is ultimately hired.